As there is breaking news tonight
about two hostages
being freed from Hamas by Hamas.
Other families
are watching this news tonight with hope.
It has been two weeks
since Omer Shem Tov said
parents have seen their son,
a 21 year old, which was with his friends
at the Noah Music Festival
when Hamas attacked on that day.
Amir was eventually
handcuffed, placed
in the back of a pickup truck
and kidnaped.
That morning
was the last time
that Amir's family heard his voice,
as he called them frantic and terrified.
Phone.
Phone call to another phone call.
You sound much more panicked,
much more hysteric.
And even then,
one of the phone calls say
that they are running away.
They are carrying a lot of friends,
but they start to run.
So they he lost some of his friends.
And while he was running,
he's saying that
they are shooting all over.
And he say that even see some dying
people.
And I love you.
I love you
from you must have been so panicked
to hear your 21 year old son
telling you it's not just rockets,
it's there's gunfire.
People are running and being killed.
Yes. Yes.
It was like
we could understand from his voice
that this is something
that we could not understand,
even what he's experienced over there.
He told me he was panicked.
He was afraid.
He said that they got into the car
and they're trying to escape from there.
My daughter and
I told him, send us a live location.
He said, Alive location.
And then the phone was stopped.
And then we started to see that
the the the point is moving like
not in the right way, Not coming home.
Not coming home at all.
It's it's moving to the border.
And my daughter start to cry.
And she told us,
listen, it's it's not the way.
It's not the way.
And I called him to say,
Olmert, It's not the way.
And
he didn't answer.
The phone was ringing
and he didn't answer.
And then we saw that he's
getting into
who was behind the lot of it.
It was the border.
And then in the evening, we got the video
that was published by the Hamas,
that Omer, who is
he's a hostage, is over there.
We saw we saw Omer and Croft in a
in the back of pickup.
We think he's handcuffed in a truck. Yes.
With his friend.
There were alive
there was no blood
or something on his glove.
And and that's was the only
the only
single signal that we got for him.
And it's been
almost two weeks.
Tomorrow have been two weeks.
I mean,
what have these two weeks
been like for both of you?
We didn't.
We are not sleeping.
We.
We are not eating.
We
all of of
of the things that we are doing now.
It's just
to to to shout all over the world
our pain
that
no mother in, in all over
the world needs to feel like mother
and father needs to feel
like we are feeling. Now
imagine that
your son is going to a party
and the next day
people
murders, kidnaped him
and, you know, know
if he's eating, sleeping,
if they are beating him.
The basic
thing of the mother is to
protect, to protect
her son.
And I cannot protect my son.
And
it's driving me crazy.
it's I'm talking not only
for myself, I'm talking
for a lot of families.
You must understand that
people were in the safe place.
Their whole
their were sitting, eating breakfast.
Some of them was sleeping.
And then these terrorists came in
through their house and murder
and took them from their house,
from the place
that it's the most safe place.
And they took him babies,
children,
teenage
mothers, fathers,
grandmothers.
And he's he's 21, but he's your baby.
I mean, what is what's he like?
What's his personality?
What is he
you were saying
he kisses you
three times on the cheeks all the time.
Are you the amazing guy?
He's a party guy.
He's by himself.
He's a deejay and he likes very much
all these kind of festival
music festivals.
So that's Omer.
Very, very happy guy.
Very happy, very funny, funny, very cool.
He marries.
So cute.
We call him Sunshine because they
like the sunshine.
Everybody wants to be next next to him.
The last time Amir's family saw
him was at Shabbat dinner two weeks ago.
He was there like he always is.
He's always the life of the party.
As they talked about his big personality.
And that night was the night
that he went to the Nova Music Festival.
The next time his parents heard from
him was in a series
of panicked phone calls.
The next day,
when they realized that
the festival he was at
was being attacked by Hamas.
The ceremony tonight in this huge table
that you see is for all the families
whose loved ones are being held
hostage tonight,
whose loved ones
won't be at Shabbat dinner tonight.
And Amir's family is hoping
that he will be back
at their Shabbat dinner at their table
very soon.
Can you show me the video
that you were showing me a moment ago?
Yes.
I'm losing.
And that was a picture of your family?
Yes.
How many times
have you watched that video?
Oh, my God.
I saw it,
you know, at the beginning
when Dana posted.
I saw it, I don't know, maybe 100 times.
And each time I'm crying
and I get very emotional.
Even now, when I see that,
you get very emotional.
And also the song say
you're going to get out from this.
Don't be afraid from here.
Yes, you are going to get out of it.
If you could talk to him right now,
what would you say to him?
Come back. Enough's enough.
You did enough trouble.
Just come. Come back.
And
that I love him.
That I miss him.
That I want every.
Every day
when he is going, he is coming to
me, is telling.
He's hugging me, telling me, Mom,
I love you.
He's kissing me three times.
And he's going. So
I
hug the and
that's what I want
very much to walk him and smiling
for relief to hear
what the IDF said today
that they do believe
most of the hostages are still alive.
You know, for us, it's a
it's give me some light.
But until we don't see them,
I want to say something about that.
My son have asthma.
He cannot breathe. Well.
And I also every day when I'm come,
when I'm waking up and I don't have
I cannot breathe.
I'm taking my Valium
and I'm thinking about all
that is there.
And you've done this.
He's
whatever you call it.
And it's the minimum thing
that the monetary thing
that they need to do.
First of all, it's it's unbelievable
my to be there
for my own needs at that moment.
Has he ever left one of
his pylons
and all of this stuff again,
or the emotion that
it's all for?
That is what the and I
want to thank Amir's
parents, Shelly and Marcus.
They were so gracious
with their time today,
despite being so clearly
filled with grief for their missing son.
These families are devastated.
Their lives
have been completely uprooted.
Amir stood at one point,
had a small smile on his face
when he told me
he can't wait for his son to come home
so you can tell him to go and clean
his messy room.
My heart is heavy for them tonight
and for every family
who had an empty seat
at their Shabbat dinner table.